Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Subtitles by explosiveskull
Really Brenda?
Now is not the time.
Is it ever?
They're in there
waiting for my announcement.
In an hour and a half.
You wanna tell me why, Frank?
It's strictly business,
I'm sure you understand.
You wanna look me in the
eye and tell me the truth?
Unofficially?
Anderson's bringing
in a bunch of his
super loyal yes men.
You look great, by the way.
When you hired me,
you told me you needed people
who're allowed to think.
Yeah, well, that's
the difference
between me and
Anderson, isn't it?
Get ready.
Your old friend Walter Smith.
Who's Walter Smith?
He was my first
arrest at the NSA,
what does he mean, get ready?
He's in prison.
Frank, a Walter
Smith has escaped.
I'll track his phone.
No, that won't do any
good, he's an IT wizard.
You've heard of him,
he's Walter Smith.
He's the only guy who
was ever convicted
of helping Edward Snowden.
He sent me a link, do
you have a computer?
Yeah.
Oh my god.
That's Elizabeth.
That's my daughter.
How can you tell?
You can hardly see her face.
That's the bonnet Sarah's
mother bought for her.
Call the police.
No, no, we'll keep it NSA.
I'm gonna call the babysitter.
Hi, I have Deputy General
Frank Kovacick for you.
- Pick up the phone.
- We need assistance.
Just pick up the phone.
I have operator Zoe Messina.
- Uh, yeah, Zoe, um.
- Yes sir.
Listen, we just
received a threat
that my daughter might
have been kidnapped.
I need you to send somebody
over to her babysitter's
address right now.
- Excuse me?
- It's 22 Emory Road.
That's
close, but, but why?
Alright, sit tight.
I'll send someone
over immediately.
Send every man and woman
you got, you hear me?
I, I'm not sure
I can do that, sir.
I'm ordering you to.
Will do, sir.
Son of a bitch.
That son of a bitch.
This time I'll
break all his bones.
Shouldn't you call Sarah?
Just wait until we know
what we're dealig with.
It's another link.
He's calling you.
Are you ready to be
the new Edward Snowden?
Let my daughter go.
Angry?
Already?
I wonder how you'll
be in a hour.
Please, my baby is innocent.
My baby
was innocent too.
But are you?
Listen, the dog, you can't...
That dog
doesn't spy on people,
it doesn't read their mails.
It doesn't tap their phones,
it doesn't invade their homes.
What do you want?
Total
obedience to begin with.
Isn't that what you ask
of all your loyal people?
What do you want?
I'm not joking.
There is a cell phone
hidden in that kennel.
That dog will
attack your daughter
when it hears the ringtone
followed by my voice.
All I have to do
is link the call.
You psychopath.
Did you just call
me psychopath, Mr. Kovacich?
That's not a good start.
Shall I make that phone call?
No!
Just tell me what you want.
You gathered a
lot of information illegally.
I have never done
anything illegal.
Whatever you think
of the Patriot Act,
I acted within the
boundaries of my authority.
You spy on
anybody you like to spy on.
Absolutely not, prove it.
Mr. Kovacich, that's
exactly what I intend to do.
You're gonna send all files
that were obtained
with a dragnet,
that is everything without
an official warrant
designating it.
What are you talking about?
All of the files
you call SSD Division One.
No such thing exists.
No, it does.
I want the entire thing
uploaded right now.
You want me to call the dog?
Okay, okay, look.
If the network did exist,
it would be so much data,
it would make Edward Snowden
look like a petty thief.
And that's
why I've designed
a program especially for you.
Wait for my email.
Fuck.
Send me the program.
One more thing.
Stay exactly where you are
right now, Mr. Kovacich,
or I will call your daughter.
What do you want me to do?
Stay, please,
I need your help.
Well, we obviously
can't send him anything.
It's my daughter, Brenda.
It's also
potentially the lives
of thousands of
innocent operatives,
not to mention that
the privacy of...
me, and everybody who's
ever worked for the NSA.
Zoe.
We're at
the address, Frank,
but there's no trace of the
babysitter or your daughter.
Have you looked everywhere?
We could check
the neighborhood.
Yes, check everywhere, look
all over the neighborhood.
Look at the houses, the
basements, the yards,
whatever you have to do.
She's in a kennel with a dog.
A dog kennel?
Zoe, this is officer Hoffman,
we need a background check
on anybody associated
with a Walter Alexander Smith,
a fugitive from Clinton
Correctional Facility.
Yeah, and check any
known sympathizers
with Edward Snowden and
the pro-privacy movement.
Listen, I'm gonna
send you a list
of every single person in
the entire state of Virginia
who's ever typed the
words Edward Snowden
into a search
engine, you got it?
Copy that.
We'll find her, Frank.
Frank.
Brenda.
We need to be careful
how we act here,
if you get caught,
that is your job...
Yes, but I will
still have a daughter.
Excuse me.
What are you doing?
I'm downloading his program.
Let me see
the email addresses.
How does it feel?
What?
You're going to be
a million times more famous
than Edward Snowden.
Everybody in the entire
world will know who you are.
Your email is Russian.
The
enemies of our enemies
are our friends, Mr. Kovacich.
Who are you working for?
Ah, is that Sarah?
How are you?
Why are you doing this?
I'll
ask the questions.
Now start downloading.
Frank.
Frank, I can't stand here
and watch you do this.
If you send those files, you
may kill innocent families.
We don't know that for sure.
We don't understand
the risk, that's enough.
She'll be eaten alive, Bren.
It's my daughter, Bren.
What would you do?
If that was your daughter,
what would you do, huh?
Help me.
Alright, then you may need
to go ahead and fire me.
Because as NSA, I can't
knowingly participate in this.
No, no, no, no,
no, no, listen to me.
You have to trust me,
I promise you that whatever
happens, I will protect you.
How could
you possibly say that?
Because I've done it before.
What?
In what cases, when?
Look, just, thank you.
Okay?
Thank you for everything,
and don't worry.
I am worried, and
you should be too.
You can't possibly
send him any of the...
No, no, no, I'm
never gonna do that.
Listen, I'm not gonna
send anything classified,
there's gonna be so much
information in those files,
he's never gonna notice.
Okay.
It still doesn't feel right.
Well, killing a
baby isn't right.
Besides, Anderson will
immediately send out a team
to arrest me when I
begin the download.
They'll swarm in
here in no time.
It's a class A safety procedure.
As soon as the
network is accessed,
an alert goes straight
to Anderson's office.
He'll see it and I'll
be taken into custody.
There'll be nothing
Walter can blame me for.
We will have followed
his direction perfectly,
and the data will be secure.
Okay, this is it.
Now we wait.
It doesn't feel right.
Yeah, well, get used to it.
What is that supposed to mean?
It's real easy to stand
on the side of the river
and criticize things
as they go by.
It takes courage to jump
in the water and get wet.
We did a lot of
simulations, Frank.
Yeah, those are all
theoretical simulations,
Those aren't real
life and death tests.
You ever seen real
action, Brenda huh?
You ever had to make a
life and death decision?
Frank.
Mr. Kovacich,
you must really
take me for a moron.
All this rubbish?
That's all I got access to.
Very well.
Where's my daughter?
You want to know
if your daughter is safe?
Yes!
Okay, I'll call her.
No!
Okay, look, I'll
send you more files.
Not more files, Mr. Kovacich.
Every file.
And don't try to be smart again.
I know exactly which
files you have access to.
If there's anything missing,
that dog will have
a nice sweet meal.
Why is he doing this, Frank?
What, making the
second man in the NSA
the new Edward Snowden, really?
He knows so much about you.
Is it personal?
Could it be some kind of prank?
I'm not taking any chances.
Not with Elizabeth.
Just don't worry, Bren.
I'll never get to
send a lot of files
before Anderson
blocks my access.
Shit.
What?
Incorrect password.
Well, that's a
good sign, right?
That means Anderson's
blocking your access.
Yeah, but who
changed the password?
Frank, are those
your passwords?
Do you keep your passwords
in a card in your wallet?
Come on, come on.
Look.
Give me accepted.
Yes.
Jesus, this guy's good.
Look at how fast his
program downloads.
And even at that speed,
it's still gonna take 147
hours to complete the upload.
There's no way Anderson
won't be here by then.
Do you
think he had help?
Of course he had help.
There's no way the guy
could escape that place.
No, I mean help
from inside the NSA.
Another Edward
Snowden inside the NSA?
There's no way, you know
our security since Snowden.
- Yeah?
- Zoe.
A police officer just
found a baby in a dog cage
outside of a house in Richmond.
It belongs to a Daniel Smith,
Walter Smith's second cousin.
Where's my daughter?
I think I see your
daughter, Frank.
She's in the dog kennel.
Shoot the dog,
that's an order!
Frank.
We're setting
up the shot now, Frank.
Be careful.
Zoe, what the hell was that?
Zoe!
I don't know.
What happened?
Something exploded,
there's fire everywhere.
Oh, god, I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry, Frank.
I'm so sorry.
I knew you would
find my cousin's house,
who by the way just rented it
to a young couple with a baby.
Did you barge in again
with too many men?
I guess a police bullet
- must have hit the explosives.
- You son of a bitch.
You killed my baby.
She's still
alive, but not thanks to you.
As you can see, I am much better
at this game than you are.
Do you really want
to test me further?
My access to the files
still isn't blocked.
What's keeping them so long?
You think we're being watched?
I don't know.
They're way too organized.
Who's they?
Walter Smith and
whoever he's working for.
He had to have some inside help.
Maybe somebody unhappy
with your upcoming announcement?
I'm calling Anderson.
Stella, hi.
It's Frank Kovacich,
is Anderson in?
What?
He called in sick today.
So?
I've known the
guy for 15 years,
he's never called in sick.
Today of all days?
I don't know,
Frank, coincidences can happen.
Not like this,
they don't happen.
Walter Smith escapes.
They haven't blocked
my access yet.
Maybe it has something to
do with the reorganization.
That's not it.
Listen.
I talked to my buddy,
congressman Timothy
Miller, the other day,
and he had mentioned something
about the possibility
of Anderson being replaced
as the head of NSA
for someone a little
more patriotic.
Frank, what does that mean?
More patriotic, Frank?
Tim?
Hey, bud, it's Kovacich.
Yeah, I need you to
give me a call back.
Something is
definitely not right.
Frank, I think we need
to stop sending the files.
Zoe.
Yes sir.
Have you found
my daughter yet?
No, but
we have confirmed
that there was no
baby in the fire.
We've got every man
in Arlington county
on the job.
We'll find her, Frank.
Frank, another link.
Frank.
The NSA plays the
people, right Mr. Kovacich?
You wanna beat the
NSA, Walter, good luck.
Well, now
it's time for the people
to play the NSA.
Do you know where Edward
Snowden went wrong?
He failed to share his information
in an attractive way.
He didn't have a
brilliant marketing plan.
What are you talking about?
I have a
little camera here,
so you can follow me,
and see what I do.
Exciting, isn't it?
Where am I?
Yeah, where are you?
Tick, tick, tick.
Remember, that dog gets more
and more hungry each minute.
Don't let him get so hungry
that I can't
control him anymore.
Where is he going?
What is his game?
I don't know.
Well, you
must know something.
He picked you.
I was one of two dozen
people who took him down.
I have no idea.
I mean, is it some
kind of revenge?
Does he blame you
personally for something?
Me?
No.
What's that box?
Has that package
always been here?
I don't know,
I'll get it Frank.
It must have passed security.
Frank, think of why
this is happening.
There must be something.
Proceed, Mr. Smith.
You raided my house like
I was Osama Bin Laden.
You attacked my wife.
The Lomax garage.
What did you do to my wife?
Do you admit that
you were at the Lomax garage
last year, September 17th?
I don't remember the date.
They fixed my car.
I work in the area, at a
subway station, I'm an en...
Alright, well, if you
have nothing to hide,
then you also admit that
you were at a Starbucks,
November the 4th, 7:12 AM?
I buy a double espresso
there at 7:00 a.m.,
every single morning,
from January to December.
Why?
I ask the questions
here Mr. Smith.
On December...
I live there.
I walk there.
I jog there, like
everybody else there, why?
Well, I don't believe in
coincidences, Mr. Smith.
On every single of
these security tapes
we also have your friend.
Who?
Edward Snowden.
Look, I do
not know Edward Snowden!
It was something
for maintenance,
they're gonna come get it soon.
Listen, Brenda.
Listen, could you do me a
favor and get me a coffee?
I can't leave here.
- Yeah.
- Thank you.
Look, in how many different
ways do I have to tell you
that I have never
ever had any contact
with Edward Snowden
in any way possible.
This is a joke, right?
This is not
a joke, Mr. Smith.
You're insane!
Where is your warrant?
Do you have all the
security footage,
and you draw insane conclusions.
You can't even see who I'm talking
to on most of this stuff,
but,
look, I don't know
Edward Snowden!
But you do admit that you
sympathize with him, right?
Just because you
hack security cameras
on which we see Edward Snowden,
it doesn't mean that everybody
in the recording of the
next 24 hours is guilty!
He got his car fixed
at Lomax garage!
He shows up months later,
at a Starbucks, big deal!
What did you do to my wife?
She'll be fine.
Where is she?
What did you do to my wife?
Frank.
Let's find another room.
Looks reserved.
Taxi, he's in New York.
Zoe, the bastard's
in New York City.
He must have left Elizabeth
somewhere between Fort
Meade and New York.
Listen, I'm gonna
send you something
on every single Snowden sympathizer
in the tri-state area.
You got it?
I'll need way
more help then, Frank.
I mean, that spans
hundreds of counties.
Yeah, you'll get it.
Listen, the NSA's gonna be
calling you in a few minutes.
You hang in there, okay?
You'll get everything you need.
Roger.
Maybe they can recognize him
by the camera on his shoe.
No, he's too intelligent.
Is that Murray Hill?
No, I
lived in Murray Hill.
I'll get the NYPD.
Yeah.
Listen, I want them ready as
soon as we know more, okay?
Think, Frank, why is
Smith doing this to you?
I have a feeling we'll
find out soon enough.
He's going into
a subway station.
Oh, that's great.
Subway stations are loaded
with security cameras.
We'll request access
to their feed.
Hi, this is Brenda Hoffman, NSA.
We need assistance
in a foot pursuit
in what looks like Manhattan.
Yes, I'll hold.
Look, this is
probably bad timing,
but can I ask you something?
What?
What's going on
with you and Anderson?
Excuse me?
Don't get mad at
me, I'm just asking.
What's going on with you guys?
Did you track my...
No, I absolutely
did not spy on you
or breach your privacy.
I'm just, I know you
were in his office.
How?
Look, I get all
the security reports
of the people going in and
out of the offices here.
Look, I know who
goes in and out,
and when and where, and just...
Not in the bathrooms, I hope.
No, I just.
Look, I know you were in
his office in the evening.
So what, Frank?
If you don't want to tell me
you were hacking
his computer, fine.
Computer.
Wait, look, look,
come here, come here.
Flower shop.
It's Lexington and Union Square.
Are you sure?
You have the NYPD yet?
No, I'm still on hold.
But it looks like
the Metropolitan Subway System
is down, 20 minutes now.
Jesus, he's good.
Hi, Commissioner Cohen,
I have Deputy General Frank
Kovacich, NSA, on the line.
Can you hear me?
Loud and clear.
Listen, we have a
fugitive, Walter Smith.
I already
sent the files.
Yes, we're processing
what we know about
Smith right now.
Listen, this
Smith is at Union Square
getting on a
northbound six train.
He's extremely dangerous.
We're dealing with
an NTSA code red.
NTSA code red, why?
Why?
Because I just
ordered you to do so.
NTSA code red,
can you confirm, please?
NTSA
code red confirmed.
When you get him, make sure
he doesn't make a phone call.
It's a matter of life and death.
Roger that, sir.
NTSA code red means a
terrorist attack, Frank.
So?
So, we haven't even confirmed
if the threat is real.
Frank, you can end
this right now.
Think about your history.
What do you know about him?
Where could he be going?
23 hours and 15 minutes?
10 minutes ago, the
countdown was 147 hours.
What is this?
Listen, I'm sorry.
For what?
It was none of my
business, you and Anderson.
Don't worry
about it, Frank.
He wasn't even in his office.
Yeah?
Great, I'll just take it.
He's on the platform.
Check everyone one
of the platforms!
He's waiting on a platform.
This is Brenda Hoffman, NSA.
I've an NTSA code
red in operation.
We need all traffic on the
Lexington Avenue Subway Line
shut down immediately.
I understand the implications,
but it is a direct order
from Frank Kovacich.
And if one more train
takes off from the station,
it will be your job, thank you.
Thank you, did you
learn that at simulations?
Let's get Cohen.
Commissioner Cohen?
I'm here.
Listen, he's on a platform.
He can't get away, the
next trains won't take off.
Roger that, my men
are almost there.
The
doors are opening.
He really thinks he's leaving.
But, I thought it was...
The train won't take off,
Frank, it won't take off.
What's going on?
Damn it, he assured me that
the train wouldn't take off.
This is Brenda Hoffman,
I wanna know exactly
what happened on the 456?
What is
this, what happened?
Frank, my men
arrived at the platform.
They're checking everyone.
His train just took off.
No, sir, no train took off.
MTA confirms it.
No train took off from 456.
He's messing with my head!
Frank, calm down, okay?
It just must be the
wrong subway station.
No.
The flower shop at
the entry, I know it.
No, he films it at
an angle in order to trick us.
No, you can't fool me.
Look.
Two hours and 16
minutes to download.
What's going on here?
Frank, we're on the internet.
What?
10,000 views already.
The Lexington
Avenue Police sweep.
There's a post
and a video titled
NYPD Ridiculed by
Civil Rights Activists.
Dirty secrets about
the NSA to come.
NSA top guy fooled, more
NSA foolishness to come.
This is his marketing plan.
He's gonna have a lot of
people look at the video
and then reveal our secrets.
Oh my god, it's going
fast, almost 15,000 views.
Yeah, Edward
Snowden had the data,
but he couldn't
get everything out,
because he didn't have a plan.
Guys, we think we
may have a trace on his phone.
No, no, uh-uh.
If he left a trace, it's
because he wants to distract us,
win time, or confuse us
from what he really wants.
Oh my god, Frank.
- Call Smith!
- We can't, Frank.
You gotta calm down, okay?
I know it's personal
but that's all the more
reason to stay professional.
Think, Frank.
Why is he doing this to you?
Alright, alright.
Smith's on a moving train.
We gotta stop
every moving train.
Frank, in New York,
are you kidding me?
No, I'm not kidding.
Not about my daughter, I'm not.
Frank, even if we
were able to do that,
by the time it was done,
he would be out on
the streets again.
Calm down, Frank, think.
Look.
Where are you, you psychopath?
What are you doing?
What are you really doing?
Are you looking
for something, Frank?
Absolutely not.
I heard a noise
coming from inside.
A noise?
It was music coming
from my personal phone.
I'm sorry.
The job makes me paranoid.
No, it's fine.
Paranoia comes
with the territory.
Check everything before you
draw any conclusions, right?
Excuse me, sirs?
We traced his cell phone.
We know where Smith is at
right now, he's in Brooklyn.
No, can't be.
Well, he is, at the
Fulton Street Subway Station.
I've sent a lot
of men over there,
they're closing in on him.
So, I guess you'd be expecting
a new video now, right?
I don't know, Frank, that
could be Fulton, couldn't it?
No, Smith can't
be this stupid.
Okay, we're
gonna arrest him now.
Make sure he
doesn't use his phone.
Roger that.
He's running, get him!
Did you get him?
Just a second.
My men are with him now.
Mm-mm, way too easy.
I don't know, he was running.
Didn't you just say
check everything twice
before you draw conclusions?
Frank?
I'm sorry, but this
is not Walter Smith.
His driver's license,
my men checked it.
Arrest him anyway.
Why?
Because I just ordered you to.
Frank, he's innocent,
you need to calm down.
Cohen, did you just hear me?
I did, roger that.
I don't get it.
I don't get it either,
but this cannot be a
coincidence, can it?
What?
Alright, you took a moron
and paid him to run off.
It's difficult
to win when you can't cheat
like your NSA, isn't it?
I have a question.
Don't
expect an answer.
Oh, quoting the
NSA now, are we?
Alright, well then, if
your friend was innocent,
how did he know when to run?
Mr. Kovacich,
two can play that game.
Of course, you
bugged my phone.
Frank, how could he
have bugged your phone?
I don't know, but he did.
Well, think!
Who have you been
in contact with?
Nobody.
I'm shutting down my
phone now, Mr. Smith.
Taking out the battery.
See?
Who has my private number?
Son of a bitch!
Now you know
how it feels, Mr. Kovacich.
And for the record,
every time we speak,
I'm using a
different cell phone.
So you don't need to try to
track me down that way again.
We don't like to make
the same joke twice.
Who is we?
Hey there!
If you're not Sarah,
then you must be Frank's
trusted right hand.
Brenda, right?
How did you do it?
So Brenda
is in the game too?
Interesting.
Welcome, Brenda.
No, leave her out of this.
You
brought her in, Frank,
you can't change the rules.
How did you do it?
Frank, you need
to listen to this.
Arrest him anyway.
Why?
Why, because
I just ordered you to.
Frank, he's
innocent, you need to calm down.
Cohen, did
you just hear me?
I did, roger that.
Arrest him anyway.
Why?
Why, because
I just ordered you to.
And there's text.
Is this the NSA
this country wants?
More to come.
Arrest him anyway.
Why?
Tell him
the views, Brenda.
It's going quick.
What do
you want, Smith?
Why don't you
tell me, Mr. Kovacich?
That's your job.
You have so much illegally
obtained data to work with.
God damn it!
Just tell me what you want!
You sound pretty
desperate, Mr. Kovacich.
I guess you both need
a little more help.
Look at the screen.
You think he could
eavesdrop any other way?
Here?
Absolutely not.
Is it attached to his knee?
Get me Cohen.
Yeah.
Commissioner Cohen, I
have Kovacich again.
Thank you, sir.
Listen, Smith is entering
a subway station again.
I want all your men
check anyone wearing
pants with knee pockets.
Really?
Or a camera attached
to his knee or close to it.
You're kidding, right?
Listen, I wish I was.
But if anyone
protests, arrest them.
Don't let anyone go.
- In which subway station?
- Every subway station.
Frank.
Look, I don't
think we're allowed
to just go in there and
arrest anybody we want to.
Listen, this is the
Director General of the NSA,
I'm giving you a direct order.
Cohen, please confirm.
Yes, roger that.
Didn't think about that,
did you, you son of a bitch?
Zoe, make me happy, please.
I'm afraid I can't.
That's all I've got.
We're still checking
on some leads, Frank.
Okay, thank you.
Call me back if you
find out anything.
- Frank.
- You got it.
Frank, look at the upload.
It's going so fast, I
think we have to stop it.
No.
No, I want Elizabeth to live.
Then stop it temporarily.
Do you understand
what's at stake here?
Frank, do you understand
Do you really wanna
be the next Snowden?
No, I love my country.
That's exactly
what Snowden said.
Then what
do you want me to do?
I need you to
stop it temporarily.
I can't, I can't stop it!
Frank.
I can't, okay?
Sir.
All my available men are
checking anyone wearing pants
with knee pockets or a camera
attached to their knee,
and I'm telling you, people
don't react well at all.
I'm getting more arrests
than I am information.
Jesus Christ, Frank.
We're at 62,000 views already.
Cohen!
He's running!
I think it's Union
Station, you can get him!
Get him right now, okay?
He's running, guys!
Just a second,
I'll be right back.
Listen, we now have two men
with those kind of pants
running at two different
subway stations.
You got two men running?
Yes, right now.
Two men.
We're checking everywhere.
No, he's still running.
Don't let him make a phone call.
Jesus Christ.
- ♪ Happy birthday to you love
- I need a drink.
Cohen!
You know
it's my birthday?
- No it's not.
- Not my fault.
Sir.
Yes.
We arrested
one of those two men.
Only one of them?
Look, don't let him
make any phone calls.
You ask him where
my daughter is,
and if he doesn't tell you,
you beat it out of him.
- What?
- You heard me.
I heard you, but
I'm gonna pretend I didn't.
Oh, wait a minute, wait, wait.
It's not him, sir.
What about the second runner?
He got away, sir.
I'm sorry.
Frank, you need
to call for help.
Well, it's not like
I can call Anderson.
He's sick.
Then call somebody else.
You can't make this
decision alone.
Yes, actually, I can.
Frank, this is insane.
It's too much responsibility
for one person.
I have Anderson's
private number.
Call it.
Do it!
Yeah, this is Frank Kovacich.
Is Mr. Anderson in, please?
Sorry to hear about that.
It's food poisoning
or something.
It's a bunch of bullshit.
Yes?
This will be
huge on the internet.
Police officers
checking all those
civilians with knee pockets.
Isn't that discrimination
of people with knee pockets?
Oh, listen to this.
You beat it out of him.
If he doesn't tell you,
you beat it out of him.
Shit.
Cohen's phone is bugged too.
I'll get him on
my private line.
You should read
the comments on the internet.
People call us freedom fighters,
Americans who love their
country, Mr. Kovacich.
Shit.
You still
don't get it, do you?
Your time is running out.
So you'll need more help.
I'm helping you Mr. Kovacich.
Look at the screen.
If he doesn't tell
you, you beat it out of him.
Oh, my god.
Yes, yes.
I have Cohen.
Cohen?
Listen, he's wearing a
police officer's uniform.
Confirm the identity of
every police officer.
Look, I don't think
I can ask my men to do that.
This is a direct order, Cohen.
You gonna refuse a direct
order from the NSA?
No, sir.
Then do it, right now!
Frank, the internet
is exploding.
Do you wanna know how
many views we're at?
No!
Just let me think.
Listen, I want the
names of the people
who were fired at the NSA
in the last five years.
You want that including the
ones about to be replaced?
How would they know they
were going to be replaced?
Because it's the NSA, right?
People know things they're
not supposed to know?
Just give me the names.
I'll call Tim.
NSA.
Yeah, please connect me
to congressman Miller.
Shit.
Shit, where's Elizabeth?
Where's Elizabeth?
Is she...
I mean, I don't know.
The dog couldn't have
swallowed her whole.
Yeah, but...
I don't know, maybe he
pushed her out of frame?
When was the last
time you looked?
I don't know,
couple of minutes ago.
Wait.
Could she be in New York?
Is he going to her right now?
Frank,
is that 50th Street?
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, that is.
Okay, look.
Cohen, Cohen.
He's at 50th Street.
Subway station at 6th Avenue.
It's the northbound platform.
I'm positive this time.
Roger that.
We got people everywhere sir,
I'll send them right away.
Yes, get him, Cohen!
One of your guys is talking
to him on the north platform.
You tell him to be very careful.
Confiscate his
phone immediately.
Roger that, sir.
Cohen, Smith is
fighting with the officer!
Stop him, kill him
if you have to!
Fuck.
Smith's on a Six
uptown train at 77th.
Tell me you have
someone on that train.
Cohen, I want you to tell me
you have a man on that train.
And if you see Smith I
want you to shoot him.
I'm sorry,
sir, we don't.
The next stop is 86th street.
Do you have men over
there on 86th street?
The train will arrive
in exactly 40 seconds.
No, too soon.
But we may arrive in time
for the next exit, at 103rd.
I'll get my men over there.
No, no, no, no you'll see
he'll get out at the next exit.
You'll see this.
Come on, stay on the train.
Stay on the train, please.
Frank, I've got Zoe for you.
He's gonna get out.
Frank, Frank,
Zoe's on the phone.
I knew it, he's staying.
We got him, we got him.
Smith's still on the train.
Cohen, Smith's
still on the train.
Great, we'll
swarm him at 103rd street.
How's the countdown?
It's going fast,
Frank, Zoe wants you.
Zoe.
Frank, what's happening?
Where are you?
The internet
is exploding!
Yeah, I know that,
did you find Elizabeth?
Yes.
She's in Trenton, New Jersey.
A residential house with
a secluded back yard.
Okay, is there
an exact address?
65 Apple Street,
on the west side.
65 Apple Street.
You know it?
It sounds vaguely familiar.
Is she alive, is she okay?
I think so,
they heard her crying.
Look, hold on, I'm gonna get you
the local commander on the line.
Okay.
Here, I have
Commander Garcia in Trenton.
This is Garcia.
Garcia, listen,
whatever you do,
don't shoot that dog, okay?
Smith might have
hidden explosives.
We know, sir.
We have the
neighborhood evacuated.
A dog trainer will be
here with us shortly.
We'll get your daughter
out of the dog kennel, sir.
Thank you, thank you.
How long till the
train hits 103rd?
About two minutes
and 15 seconds.
No, no, no, no, I don't
like it, it's too long.
Cohen?
Yes sir.
Tell me your men
are at 103rd street.
Yes, we're
here waiting for Smith.
Great, okay.
We'll get the bastard now.
We have
the area surrounded.
What else can we do for you?
Nothing, that's,
everything's great.
Thank you, thank you
so much for everything.
Listen, I'm sorry for
my behavior, okay?
No problem.
I've got two little
kids at home, sir.
Frank, we're at two minutes.
It's Walter.
Keep him on the phone
so we can stall him.
We have one minute, 30 seconds.
Walter, um, how are you
talking to us right now?
Are you on a satellite phone?
Does it
matter, Mr. Kovacich?
You're not trying to
stall me, are you?
Why would I do that, Walter?
You tell me.
30 seconds.
How does your phone
work on the subway?
I'm getting
bored of all this talking.
Where are my files,
Mr. Kovacich?
I'm getting really in the
mood to feed that dog.
- Make an offer.
- What kind of offer?
Anything.
We're one minute, 40 seconds.
Um, Walter, I would
like to make you an offer.
Really,
what is the offer?
What do you want?
One
minute, 10 seconds.
What about Brenda?
W-, what about her?
Will
Brenda do anything?
- Yes, yes, yes she will.
- One minute.
I'll get back to you.
Cohen, are your
men at the platform?
Yes sir.
We have the whole
area surrounded.
Arrest everyone on
that train, Cohen.
Everyone.
I can't do that, sir.
It's a direct order.
Frank,
think of the internet.
I don't care.
You arrest everyone on that
goddamn train, you hear me?
Roger that.
Christ, we're close
to a million views already.
Cohen, do not let
him make a phone call.
Roger that, sir.
We're at 30 seconds.
Garcia?
Yes, sir.
How did we find
that last address?
It's the old
house of Walter Smith, sir.
That's it, that's it,
I know where he's going.
He's going to the place
where I arrested him.
20.
We're at nine seconds.
Frank.
Shouldn't the train
be slowing down?
Why is the train not
slowing down, Cohen?
We're here sir.
The train is slowing
down, we can hear it.
No, it's not.
I'm watching it right now.
It's stopping, sir.
Frank, we're at zero.
W-, w-, what's happening?
Damn it, what's happening?
I think we're not
seeing it right.
I can't take this
anymore, what's going on?
I mean,
does Walter have
any connection to the subway?
Yes, yes, actually.
If I remember right,
he said he used to work
for them or something.
He altered the
surveillance feeds somehow.
If anyone could do it,
it would be Walter Smith.
That's what happened.
Shit.
What?
Cohen.
- Cohen!
- Cohen?
- Where are you going?
- I'll get him on the line.
His phone is dead.
Shit.
What?
There's a delay,
he's way ahead of us.
What do you mean?
He's transferring
it through a router
and creating a delay.
So he was way ahead
of us all the time.
Fuck.
Garcia, can you see the dog?
Not yet, sir.
I'm with the dog handler
now, we're heading over.
Hurry up, please.
We got the
property evacuated.
Canine specialist is
crossing the street
to the back yard now.
No, don't you dare,
don't you touch my baby!
God, Frank, are you okay?
Never better, thanks.
We need to figure out
who's helping Walter.
if there's a bomb.
Could you please just
get me the warden
of the prison Walter
Smith was sent?
Please?
Sir, it's Garcia.
What happened?
Sir, the dog handler
heard about the explosion.
We can't get him to
approach the house.
We have to wait for
the bomb squad, okay?
Jesus Christ, yeah, okay.
God damn it!
Cohen, where were you?
Call me back on
my private line.
Look, I'm sorry, sir.
He's not on the train.
We arrested all passengers,
but people are
getting really angry.
Can I let them go?
Is there anyone who can't
verify their identity?
We have a few tourists
that don't speak English.
Just hold them.
Sir, people
are getting angry.
They want an explanation.
They're filming on
their cell phones,
and we can't control it.
I mean, we'll have the
media down here soon.
Just check them
again, that's an order, Cohen.
Roger that.
How many
minutes do we have?
Jesus Christ, only
14 minutes to download.
Frank, you've gotta think, why
is Smith doing this to you?
Frank?
Yeah, there is something.
Frank, what is it?
This stays between us.
This can never get out.
I promise you, tell me.
Frank, you have my word.
We have 14 minutes
until he doesn't care
about Elizabeth anymore.
You have to tell me.
Well, uh, in case
you ever wondered
how I got this job
in the first place?
Tim.
Congratulations.
I heard you arrested
your first terrorist.
No, I believe he's
innocent, I really do.
Walter Smith is
completely innocent.
My old buddy Timothy.
Congressman Miller?
Yeah.
You'll
learn that the NSA
doesn't believe in coincidences.
Yeah, hey, but listen, um,
the hospital just
called, and his wife,
she lost their
baby, because of me.
He placed me here,
on one condition.
What are
you talking about?
I got carried away, I
mean it was my first arrest,
and I swarmed into his
house with half a dozen men,
it was unnecessary force.
His wife, she, she
fell from the stairs.
It's my fault.
Accidents happen
at arrests, Frank.
You never know who
the terrorist is.
Yeah, but I knew he wasn't.
I sent in 25 men to arrest him
when I could have
done it with two.
Stop blaming
yourself, it's not your fault.
Listen, I know you
brought me into the NSA,
and for that I really
do appreciate it
more than you can
possibly ever know,
but I just,
I just don't think that I'm
cut out for this kind of work,
I really don't.
What would you say
if I'd make you Deputy
Director of the NSA, Frank?
I can make it happen.
What?
I just need
complete loyalty.
And as number two,
you could do great things
in the future, Frank.
You love your
country, don't you?
Think about it.
We need people who we can trust.
And I trust you.
Now how long do we go back?
Think about it.
You'll get married next week.
You'll make $30K a month.
If you turn this down,
you'd deprive Sarah of
a real nice life, Frank.
Now listen, first you've
got to help me here,
I really need you to
convict this Walter Smith.
It's the warden.
John Roani, take it.
Mr. Roani, this is
Frank Kovacich, NSA.
We need your help.
Mr. Kovacich, I
see on the media you do.
How can I help?
I need a list of
anyone who ever visited
Walter Alexander Smith,
and I need it right away.
You should
talk to his lawyer.
I'm afraid this is a matter
of life and death, sir.
Sir, you still
need to talk to his lawyer.
Mr. Roani, do
you have children?
No, sir, I
haven't had the pleasure.
Well, imagine that
you have a child.
And that child has
been kidnapped.
And the only thing that's
gonna keep that child alive
is a complete list of
anyone who ever visited
Walter Smith in
prison, you understand?
Still, you
should talk to his lawyer.
Listen, John, can I say John?
Well, I don't know you.
Okay, Mr. Roani, listen.
We're here trying to
help you find him,
but you are obstructing justice.
Find who?
Walter Smith.
Walter Alexander Smith.
Yeah, that's him.
What about him?
What about him, he's
in New York right now.
No, he isn't.
Yes, he is.
Absolutely
not, he is here.
Walter Alexander
Smith, you're positive.
I can see him right
now on one of my monitors.
So Walter
Smith has not escaped?
I'm sorry, sir,
somebody tricked the internet.
Walter Smith is lying
in our infirmary.
Are you sure, what happened?
Nothing, but I'm
sure his lawyer will tell you
that Walter Smith
attempted suicide again.
Thank you, Mr. Roani.
I don't get it.
Get Ashley and Dave, SSD.
I need a complete list of all
the visitors of Walter Smith.
They're gonna know what to do.
And if there's anyone
listening to me, I don't care!
Frank.
I love my country, but
I love my baby even more,
and if you don't
like that, fuck you!
Frank, it's Walter,
are you gonna get it?
No, that is not Walter.
Walter Smith is in prison,
right where I put him.
Well, fuck him!
Frank, are you gonna
get the call or not?
Who is this?
I know you're not Walter Smith.
Well, it doesn't
really matter, does it?
What matters, is that I'm sure
I will find your name on
Walter Smith's visitors list.
And I'm sure we can find
you in the last days
on the security camera's around
Walter Smith's old house,
so we've got you, whatever
happens, we've got you.
And I'm sure the dog
is getting more and more hungry.
Does your offer still stand?
Who are you?
I'll tell
you if you accept
my final proposition.
We do not negotiate.
Goodbye, then.
Wait!
Wait.
Is this really your
final proposition,
and then Elizabeth goes free?
And then Elizabeth
is free, quid pro quo.
How do I know that for sure?
You have to trust me.
Trust you, what do you want?
I want
Brenda to carefully
open the box I sent you.
Go on.
There's a mask.
It's possibly the oldest
symbol of the American people.
What do you want?
I would
like Brenda to wear it.
And?
And then
I just want you to do
what you like to do with Brenda.
Which is?
You know, Frank.
No, I don't.
Think, Frank.
What would you like
to do with Brenda?
Just say it.
You suggested
it a couple of times
during the last
promotion period.
Come on, what is it
you're talking about?
What is it that I would
like to do with Brenda?
Fuck her in the ass.
How did, no, no.
No way.
Well then,
say goodbye to Elizabeth.
Wait!
Listen, there must
be something else.
I can't think
of any other visualization
than that of the soon to
be director of the NSA
to fuck America in her ass.
Is there a camera somewhere?
You tell me.
The NSA always denies that
they use secret camera's.
Well, they check here every
morning, so there's no way.
Brenda, how many more minutes?
Seven.
Close the blinds.
Shouldn't you
ask her permission first?
Oh, no, of course, I forgot,
you never ask permission.
Come on, Brenda.
Let's just give this
pervert what he wants, okay?
And let's save Elizabeth.
What does he mean,
the soon to be director
of the NSA, Frank?
So it was your
reorganization plan,
not Anderson, not
Miller, it was you.
Is that what your
announcement was about?
Firing all the
concerned NSA workers?
There's one condition,
Smith, no cameras, no photos.
Do you see any?
And no sound recording,
your phone goes off.
You just have to trust us.
Can I
trust you, Frank?
In this you can.
And even if you take a
picture, I will deny it anyway.
Everybody will believe
it's Photoshopped.
I'll turn it all around,
I've done it before.
Four minutes, I want Elizabeth
free in four minutes.
Deal?
We have a deal.
Really?
Really.
Alright.
But I will see you
later, whoever you are.
I will hunt you and I
promise I will catch you
and you'll be sorry,
you understand that?
Come on Brenda.
Let's get this over with.
You've gotta be kidding me.
No.
We'll just pretend.
We won't do anything, I promise.
We'll just pretend, alright?
Listen, just do
this for me, okay?
Please, please.
He can't check it.
You don't know that for sure.
You sweeped the room, right?
Let's not play games with
Elizabeth's life here, please.
Please, if you help
me, I will help you.
I will get you any job you
need inside the NSA, I promise.
I've done it before,
it's strictly business.
Come on.
Frank!
This says we're
live in Times Square.
There's a camera in here.
You placed it here to film me.
And it's all on the internet,
Frank, everything you said,
edited of course,
the way the NSA does.
And it shows you panicked.
You used every means
necessary, legal or illegal,
to save your daughter,
without even checking the
validity of the threat.
You played me?
I trusted you!
Really?
You violated my privacy,
you made a pass at me
during promotion time,
and you were gonna fire me,
all for your own personal gain.
Is there another camera?
This is what we call
a simulation, Frank.
Everything in this
room was real.
Your behavior was real,
the pressure was real,
only Walter was a fake,
him and Cohen and Garcia
and Zoe, of course.
It was all one voice,
couldn't you tell?
This is entrapment.
No, it was a test,
and you failed.
What would have happened
if we were at war, Frank?
It shows you would have caved
under any pressure at all.
But you know what was real,
was the uproar from
the internet, Frank.
It seems that you've
caused a revolution.
It seems everybody's outraged
by your brutal misuse of power.
Anderson.
You made him sick when
you went into his office.
Anderson was in
on this, Frank.
He found out about your
reorganization plan.
Decided the NSA needed
a public shakeup.
We're chopping off our own
head to get rid of you.
Prove it.
I don't need to.
You'll find out soon enough.
You talk about Edward Snowden,
the man who brought
the NSA to its knees?
Well, we are all Snowden.
We are everywhere.
And we're not gonna
stand for your brutal
misuse of power ever again.
This is not the right way.
You can't start a
revolution with silk gloves.
Are you quoting Joseph Stalin?
I'm quoting
someone who actually
managed to change
an entire country.
He was a brutal dictator!
What would you have been,
if you had actually managed
to take over the NSA?
Oh my god.
Somebody may have posted
your cellphone coordinates.
I think they're
here for you, Frank.
I'd be careful if I were you.
They violated your privacy.
How does it feel?
Sarah.
Hi.
No.
No, no, no, no.
Darling, no that was
not me, that was,
no, no, honey, that was not me.
Listen, listen to me,
you gotta listen to me,
listen, they've
kidnapped Elizabeth...
Brenda!
Another thing you
didn't bother to check.
Sarah picked up
Elizabeth hours ago.
She's been asleep in her bed.
You bitch.
This is a conspiracy!
You falsified that video.
What did you do to convict
the innocent Walter Smith?
So?
I suffered for the greater
good of decency, Frank,
for the new NSA, but then,
it was strictly business.
I'm sure you understand.
What's that sound?
That's the people.
They wanna talk to you.
They'll never get
through security.
You mean security
you were about to fire?
I wouldn't had and
did it for you.
Goodbye, Frank.
Wait, where are you going?
What am I supposed to do now?
Welcome
to the Snowden Club.
Subtitles by explosiveskull
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org